Add more style fixes (#464)
neo4j/docs-aura: modules/ROOT/pages/platform/security/encryption.adoc

The cloned instance, by default, uses the available Customer Managed Key for that region and product.

It is best practice to use the same CMK key as the instance it’s being cloned from. 

> You can override this to use another CMK key--but you can not use the Neo4j Managed Key.

Author: Yes, this would be the correct way to insert an emdash in Asciidoc.

.. Inside the key vault, go to *Access Control (IAM)* and *add role assignment*.
.. In the *Role* tab, select *Key Vault Administrator*.
.. In the *Member* tab, select *User, group, or service principal*.

> .. Select *Select members* and select yourself or the relevant person, then *Review + Assign*.

Author: True, but there is "Select" (the action) and the "Select members" (the text for the button). I think this is consistent for example with the suggestion in the [Google style guide](https://developers.google.com/style/ui-elements#refer-to-ui-elements).

Maybe there is a better way to rephrase?

> .. Select *Select members* and select yourself or the relevant person, then *Review + Assign*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. From *Select members*, add yourself or the relevant person, then *Review + Assign*.
```
A possible rephrase?

. To add role assignment to the Azure key, inside the key, go to *Access control (IAM)* and add *role assignment*.
. In the *Role* tab, select *Key Vault Crypto Officer*.
. In the *Member* tab, select *User, group, or service principal*.

> . Select *Select members* and paste the *Neo4j CMK Application name* that is displayed in the Aura Console. 

Reviewer: Or just say _In *Select members*, paste the ..._

> . Select *Select members* and paste the *Neo4j CMK Application name* that is displayed in the Aura Console. 

Author: Good one! I'll do it.
